Add docs about Yoast Abilities (#386)
Yoast/developer: docs/features/yoast-abilities-api/recent-posts-inclusive-language-ability.md

* the `description` which describes briefly what the ability does
* the `input_schema` that describes what argument the ability expects and that's the number of recent posts we want
* the `output_schema` that describes what the ability is expected to return as a result and that's an array of objects, where for each post the object will contain its title and inclusive language score

## Usage
To use the Recent Posts's Inclusive Language Ability, a _GET_ request to `/wp-json/wp-abilities/v1/abilities/yoast-seo/get-inclusive-language-scores/run?input[number_of_posts]=3` is sent, for the inclusive language scores of the latest 3 posts.

Doing so in a website might yield the following result:
```
[
    {
        "title": "How to Store Fresh Herbs So They Last Longer",
        "score": "bad",
        "label": "Needs improvement"
    },
    {
        "title": "5 Easy Recipes for Cauliflower",
        "score": "good",
        "label": "Good"
    },
    {
        "title": "10 Common Mistakes when Making Homemade Bread",
        "score": "na",
        "label": "Not available"
    }
]
```

## How to disable it programmatically?

> There's a way to disable the Recent Posts's Inclusive Language Ability programmatically and that's by using the WP native `wp_abilities_api_init` action, likeso:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There's a way to disable the Recent Posts's Inclusive Language Ability programmatically and that's by using the WP native `wp_abilities_api_init` action, like so:
```
